# project3

Authors: Andy Luong, Anthony Phimmasone, Brian Justice, Alex Lundin

Synopsis
We are a programming team working for Bicycle Parts Distributorship. 
BPD has a warehouse full of bicycle parts. 
The code and underlying data structures from Projects 1 and 2 apply to Project 3, but we will have to modify them. 
In this increment of the project BPD has identified several users of the software.  
There is a system administrator who creates, removes, and manages accounts. Additionally, can reset password.
There is an office manager who is responsible for many business aspects, such as examining parts, restocking parts, and using invoice to generate a sales commission. 
There is a warehouse manager who updates the warehouse inventory.
There is one sales associate in each sales van who sells bike parts to customers and creates an sales invoice.
In our program, these employees (system administrator, office manager, warehouse manager, and sales associates) have accounts that allow them to perform actions that are specific to their duties. 
The duties that each type of employee performs are described in various use case scenarios. 

What does the project do?
The intent for our program for project 3 was to create a software program for clients that are bike part distributorship companies looking for a software program for their employees.
Our program contains actions for various accounts that are specific to their employee duties. 
System administrator duties includes create, remove, and manage accounts. Additionally, this employee can reset passwords.
Office manager duties includes examining parts, restocking parts, and using sales invoice to generate a sales commission.
Warehouse manager's duty include updating warehouse inventory.
Sales associate duties includes selling bike parts to clients and generating a sales invoice.

How is it set up?
If someone were to pick up our codebase today, they would get everything running in their local environment by downloading
all the correct files and placing them into the proper packages and directory accordingly. 
They would then need to check if the code compiles with no errors by running the program. 
If there are any errors, the user can check where the problem is coming by making sure that all the files 
are under the same package and directory or use the debugging tool, if provided by their local environment application. 
The user can then run the code and see how every component of the code functions.
When the code runs, all functionality in the code is implemented through the main.
If the user has correctly set up the program into their local environment, a GUI of a login screen should initially appear on the screen.

How is it used?
When the program is executed and starts running, a login screen will appear and prompt the user to enter in an employee's username and password of their login account. 
There are four different employees that will have login account information: system administrator, office manager, warehouse manager, and sales associate. 
Once the user enters the information for one of the employee on the login screen, the screen will open to the specific page for that employee with the actions and duties for that employee. 
If the user enters a login account information that does not exist, login screen will now allow access to the contents of the program.
Each employee page is divided by tabs in our program.
The system administrator page includes text fields to input first name, last name, phone number, age, email address, username, and password.
These are used for the button actions for the system administrator, such as create account, remove account, and reset password. 
Additionally, there is a logout button to return back to the login screen.
The office manager page includes text fields to input part name or number for examining part information.
There is also text fields that the user inputs a sales associate name, start date, and end date, which is used to generate a sales paycheck.
The actions on this page is processed through the buttons 'read sales invoice', generate sales paycheck, and examine part.
Additionally, there is a logout button to return back to the login screen.
The warehouse manager page includes text fields to input a 'warehouse delivery file name' and 'warehouse name'.
These are used for the button actions for the warehouse manager, such as read warehouse delivery file and update warehouse inventory file.
Additionally, there is a logout button to return back to the login screen.
The sales associate page includes text fields to input the part name, part number, quantity, and customer name.
These are used for the button actions for the sales associate, such as selling parts to clients and generating a sales invoice.
Additionally, there is a logout button to return back to the login screen.
